
# Topic

>【TED-Ed】瞭解上台恐懼 並且克服它 (The science of stage fright (and how to overcome it) - Mikael Cho) <br>
> Since stage fright is natural and inevitable, focus on what you can control. Practice a lot, starting long before in an environment similar to the real performance. Practicing any task increases your familiarity and reduces anxiety, so when it's time to speak in public, you're confident in yourself and the task at hand.<br>
> 因為怯場是自然且無法避免的，所以專注在你可以控制的事物上。提前找一個近似於真實演出環境的地方，練習可以同時增加你的純熟度並減少你的焦慮，於是到了實際公開演說的時候，你對自已及手上的任務就會充滿自信。<br>

## Host
[Kelsi](https://tw.voicetube.com/user/kelsiw/add_videos?ref=video "Kelsi")

## learning points
1. inevitable  必然的
	* inevitable  [ɪnˋɛvətəb!]  (adj.)  必然的
		- It can't be prevented.
		- It's inevitable that you make mistakes at a new job.
   * avoidable  [əˋvɔɪdəb!]  (adj.)  能避免的
		- This mistake was avoidable.
	* unavoidable  [͵ʌnəˋvɔɪdəb!]  (adj.)  不可避免的
		- the negative form of avoidable.
		- The delay was unavoidable.

2. familiarity  熟悉；通曉
	* familiarity  [fə͵mɪlɪˋærətɪ]  (n.)  熟悉；通曉
		- It is the knowledge of something or it's having heard of something.
		- A job posting: Familiarity with the fashion industry is a plus.
	* familiar  [əˈvɔɪdəbəl]  (adj.)  熟悉的
		- a familiar face.
		- It was nice to see a familiar face in the crowd.
familiar smell.
		- Are you familiar with this artist?
	* familial  [fəˋmɪljəl]  (adj.)  家族的
		- Having to do with family.
		- He has familial ties to the town.

3. anxiety  焦慮
	* anxiety  [æŋˋzaɪətɪ]  (n.)  焦慮
		- the feeling of worry or nervousness about something
		- I have a depression = 
			+ I have an anxiety.
			+ I have a disorder.
		- Performing in front of people gives me anxiety.
			+ Performing in front of people makes me extremely nervous.
	* anxious  [ˋæŋkʃəs]  (adj.)  焦慮的
		- very worried about something
		- When Eddie comes home too late, It makes his mom anxious.
	* nervous  [ˋnɝvəs]  (adj.)  神經質的；緊張不安的
		- You feel worried or you feel unsure about something. 
		- You don't feel calm. Maybe you're thinking a lot.
		- I always feel nervous before tests.
	* worried  [ˋwɝɪd]  (adj.)  擔心的
		- You're concerned that something will happen or something is wrong.
		- I'm worried; it might rain tomorrow.
		- I'm worried about Mark.
			+ I'm concerned about Mark.

4. at hand  手上的
	* at hand  (phr.)  手上的
		- It is currently receiving attention or it needs attention.
		- Let's deal with the problem at hand.
	* on hand  (phr.)  手頭上的
		- readily available or convenient
		- I have band-aids on hand at all times.
	* by hand  (phr.)  手工的
		- If something is done by hand.
		- It's done by a person rather than a machine.
		- I sew this pillow by hand.
