我媽特別的處罰方式 (My Mom's Cruel and Unusual Punishments)
Every time one of my siblings insulted another sibling, or told them to shut up, we would have to pay them 50 cents.
每當我和兄弟姊妹互相對嗆，或叫對方閉嘴，我們都必須付對方五十美分。

1. sibling  兄弟姊妹
    * sibling  [ˋsɪblɪŋ]  (n.)  兄弟姊妹
        - Do you have any siblings?
            + I have two siblings one young brother or one older sister.
    * only child  (phr.)   獨生子
        - No siblings.
        - Sara is only child.
    * sibling rivalry  (phr.)  手足間的競爭
        - Sibling rivalry is very common between siblings(competition or jealousy for fighting between siblings).

2. insult  辱罵；侮辱
    * insult  [ɪnˋsʌlt]  (v.)  辱罵；侮辱
        - You're just being rude to someone just because you want to be rude to them.
        - verb: Brent got angry when Amy and insulted his girlfriend.
        - Noun: four eyes is an insult for someone who wears glasses.
    * criticize  [ˋkrɪtɪ͵saɪz]  (v.)  批評
        - It's more based on fact.
        - Tanya's manager criticized her sloppy work so her manager pointed out her sloppy work and said that it was bad.
    * tease  [tiz]  (v.)  取笑
        - Make fun of or laugh at someone.
        - Many children get teased at school
            + This word 'tease' is often used when we talked about kids maybe at school they often bully each other or tease each other.

3. shut up  閉嘴
    * shut up  (phr.)  閉嘴
        - I told my brother to shut up because he was being too loud.
    * pipe down  (phr.)  安靜；閉嘴
        * This one is a bit less common than shut up and it might be more often used by older people.
            +　比shut up少用，通常是年長者會使用
        - Can you pipe down I'm on the phone.
    * shush  [ʃʌʃ]  (v.)  發噓聲；使安靜
        - = Be quit
        - Shush is something that may be a mom would say to her kids.(別用在同齡或是年長者身上，不太禮貌，比起shut up和pipe down是好一點，但還是不恰當)
        - Shush you're disrupting other people.
        - This word is usually used as an exclamation and shut up and pipe down are most often used as exclamations as well so you can say shut up pipe down or shush and shush would be the most polite of those three.