# Topic

> Jamie Oliver 教你做出三種完美炒蛋！ (How To Make Perfect Scrambled Eggs - 3 ways | Jamie Oliver) <br>
> I hate battery eggs, so minimum for me, standard eggs, is barn eggs. And of course free range and free range organic is the way to go. <br>
> 我絕不用籠飼雞蛋。我的最低標準是用圈養雞蛋當然，能夠使用走地雞蛋或有機雞蛋是最好的. <br>

## Host
Host: John
<br>Today issue: How do you like your eggs done?
<br><br>
## learning points
1. _
	* battery eggs  [ˋbætərɪ ɛgz]  (n.)  籠飼雞蛋
        - in the cage, not healthy.
2. _
	* free-range  [ˋfri͵redʒ]  (adj.)  自由放養的
        - The claim it's healthier to eat eggs that are from hens who are allowed to roam outside
3. _
	* organic  [ɔrˋgænɪk]  (adj.)  有機
        - Free-range is one type of egg but that does not mean that these free range eggs organic.organic means that they are there are no chemicals that are given to the hens either in their food in their environment or directly into their bodies by injection or so far.
4. _
	* yolk  [jok]  (n.)  蛋黃
5. _
	* scrambled eggs  [ˋskræmb!d ɛgz]  (n.)  炒蛋
        - Scrambled eggs is just putting the eggs in the frying pan mixing it up you can add milk or butter, salt, pepper and mix it up in your cooking it while you're mixing while you're turning the mix.
6. _
	* sunny-side up eggs  [ˋsʌnɪsaɪd ʌp ɛgz]  (n.)  只煎一面的荷包蛋
        - The egg looks like a sun because you only cook one side. The other side stays untouched so one side is cooked. The other side is not so it looks like a big circle with a yellow center and it's not uncooked and it's called sunny-side up eggs.
7. _
	* over easy  [ovɚˋizɪ ɛgz]  (n.)  雙面煎的
        - You're cooking a sunny-side up egg. You see the sun and you pick the egg up to turn it over easily so that you do not break the yolk. The yellow part of the egg and that is called over easy so the center is still soft and liquidy like water.
8. _
	* fried eggs  [fraɪd ɛgz]  (n.)  煎蛋
        - Is untouched, you actually want to cook the egg right through for fried so everything is cooked it's like a well-done egg if you can say that.
9. _
	* boiled eggs  [bɔɪld ɛgz]  (n.)  水煮蛋
        - Just like you can boil water you can boil eggs in water and without cracking the egg in there. You put the whole egg with the shell in the boiled egg and take it out and you can remove the shell and you have a hot egg.