# Topic

> 好多陌生人怎麼辦？內向的你一定要看 (How To Meet New People (Even If You're An Introvert) <br>
> I think the biggest misconception about introverts is that they're antisocial. <br>
> 我認為關於性格內向者最大的一個迷思在於認為他們不愛交際。 <br>

## Host
Host: Samuel
<br>Today issue: Are you an introvert or an extrovert?
<br><br>
## learning points
1. _
	* misconception  [͵mɪskənˋsɛpʃən]  (n.)  誤解；錯誤想法
        - That means that you have a conception write an idea of something that is not correct.
	* misunderstanding  [ˋmɪsʌndɚˋstændɪŋ]  (n.)  誤解
        - That means that someone has the wrong understanding of something.
    * Different:
        - Misconception is more about sort of your impression of something.
        - Misunderstanding is a little more in-depth where is with misconceptions kind of like your impression of something and it kind of implies that there hasn't been much research done in this topic.
        - Ex: Sort of like a general commonly misunderstood thing because people don't understand the concept very well.

2. _
	* introvert  [ˋɪntrə͵vɝt]  (n.)  內向的人
	* extrovert  [ˋɛkstrovɝt]  (n.)  外向的人
        - These prefixes as well so introvert and extrovert so if you say you know the interior of something. For example what does that mean that means the inside of it right that means the part that's inside of it the interior of a home or if you say the exterior I means the outside.
	* introverted  [ˋɪntrəvɝtɪd]  (adj.)  （性格）內向的
	* extroverted  [ˋɛkstroˋvɝtɪd]  (adj.)  （性格）外向的
        - Someone who is introverted means that they like to spend time on their own.
        - They might look for other people after a long day even they're exhausted so they are extroverted.
        - You can say I am an introvert or I am an extrovert. You can say my sister is an introvert but you can't say she is an introverted. If you use the introverted or extroverted forms. You have to use it as an adjective so you can say I am very introverted or very extroverted.

3. _
	* antisocial  [͵æntɪˋsoʃəl]  (adj.)  不愛交際的
        - Different:
            + => That does not like other people don't like spending time with other people.
            + You are introverted it just means that you don't like to spend too much time with other people. It means that you also in addition to you know spending time with other people. You also need to spend some time on your own and maybe more time than extroverts more time on your own than an extrovert.
            + The difference between antisocial or antisocial and introverted the very different but they often get confused.
	* social  [ˋsoʃəl]  (adj.)  愛交際的
        - They like to spend a lot of time with people.
        - This word is big commonly used these days when referring to social media like Facebook, Instagram, line all those good things that are social media.
