# Topic

> 【TED】薛曉嵐: 讓我們來聊聊中國的 12 生肖 (The Chinese zodiac, explained | ShaoLan) <br>
> So what is the Chinese zodiac, exactly? Most Westerners think of Greco-Roman zodiac, the signs divided into 12 months. The Chinese zodiac is different. <br>
> 那到底 12 生肖是在講些什麼？大部分的西方人會聯想到希臘羅馬的 12 星座，分別代表不同的月份。中國的 12 生肖不一樣。 <br>

## Host
Host: Lee
<br>Today issue: What’s your horoscope? What's your sign?
<br><br>
## learning points
1. _
	* zodiac (sign)  [ˋzodɪ͵æk]  (n.)  黃道帶
		- Zodiac is a way of dividing the calendar. Chinese zodiac is 12 animals in each animal representing a year. The western system is by months more less and the Chinese system is by year.
	* Greco-Roman Zodiac  [grikoˋromənˋzodɪ͵æk]  (n.)  希臘羅馬的黃道帶
	* western horoscope  [ˋwɛstɚnˋhɔrə͵skop]  (n.)  星座運勢
2. _
	* horoscope (sign)  [ˋhɔrə͵skop ]  (n.)  占星術；星象 (算命)；天宮圖、十二宮圖
		- We talked a little bit about that it's basically the Western systems of dividing the year into 12 different animals or signs. Each thing or animal represents certain qualities that a person was born during that time would be expected to have.
	* Aquarius (Jan 20 - Feb 17)  [əˋkwɛrɪəs]  (n.)  水瓶座；寶瓶宮
		- It's means water or water bear. Someone who carries water so it has a very strong relationship with water.
	* Pisces (Feb 18 – Mar 19)  [ˋpaɪsiz]  (n.)  雙魚座
		- Pisces is represented by two fish. <= I don't know what that means too.
	* Aries (Mar 20 – Apr 19)  [ˋɛriz]  (n.)  牡羊座
		- The god of war. => Ares is kind of fiery and maybe has a little bit of a temper perhaps that's what it says.
	* Taurus (Apr 20 – May 20)  [ˋtɔrəs]  (n.)  金牛座；金牛宮
		- Taurus actually means bull. Maybe you have some of the qualities of a bull, maybe is considered hardworking but very stubborn
	* Gemini (May 21 – Jun 20)  [ˋdʒɛmə͵naɪ]  (n.)  雙子座；雙子星座
		- Gemini is means Twins and it means that this person potentially has two different personalities and sometimes you don't know which one you will see but sometimes personality will change very quickly perhaps.
	* Cancer (Jun 21 – Jul 22)  [ˋkænsɚ]  (n.)  巨蟹座；癌症
		- Now cancer in Latin means crab so the sign actually represents the animal crab and it has nothing to do with the illness. Definition of the oldest is cancer comes from the fact that the actual disease under a microscope way back whenever decided to name cancer looked like a crab so there's no connection to the actual disease it just means the animal crab.
	* Leo (Jul 23 – Aug 22)  [ˋlio]  (n.)  獅子座；獅子宮
		- It's one of the more desirable horoscopes to have.
	* Virgo (Aug 23 – Sep 22)  [ˋvɝgo]  (n.)  處女座；處女宮
		- Virgo is a maiden or a woman and the sign represent someone who's very focused and driven.
	* Libra (Sep 23 – Oct 22)  [ˋlaɪbrə]  (n.)  天秤座；(占星術) 天秤宮
		- Libra is known for being indecisive. Libra famously known for being indecisive not wanting to make any decisions in this waiting till the last moment until they're forced into the decision.
	* Scorpio (Oct 23 – Nov 21)  [ˋskɔrpɪ͵]  (n.)  天蠍座；天蠍宮
		- Scorpio is insect scorpion.
	* Sagittarius (Nov 22 – Dec 21)  [sædʒɪˋtɛrɪəs]  (n.)  射手座
		- Sagittarius is pretty interesting. It's half horse half human and they hold a bow that person half horse half human has a bow.
	* Capricorn (Dec 22 – Jan 19)  [ˋkæprɪkɔrn]  (n.)  摩羯座；摩羯宮
		- It's a half goat half fish.
