# Topic

> 【TED-Ed】 歷史上的埃及豔后 (History vs. Cleopatra - Alex Gendler) <br>
> When drought hit, she opened the granaries to the public and passed a tax amnesty, all while preserving her kingdom's stability and independence with no revolts during the rest of her reign. <br>
> 當發生乾旱時，她向群眾開放糧倉並通過稅務赦免，同時間保持她帝國的穩定和獨立，沒有叛亂發生在她的在位期間。 <br>

## Host
Host: Lee
<br>Today issue: Who was Cleopatra?
<br><br>
## learning points
1. _
	* drought  [draʊt]  (n.)  乾旱、旱災
		- Means of a long period without rain, so it's nothing is growing. It's very dry and that is drought. Hit means that came about when it happened.
2. _
	* granary  [ˋgrænərɪ]  (n.)  穀倉、糧倉；盛產糧食的地區
		- It's a place where you keep food particularly grain which is rice barley sorts of things. We can build up a storage of grain in the granary.
3. _
	* pass (a law)  [pæs]  (v.)  及格；通過；被批准
		- She passed a test.
		- When relating to government it means create the law.
		- Go by someone, drive pass, walk pass.
4. _
	* amnesty  [ˋæm͵nɛstɪ]  (n.)  赦免
		- Forgive previous offends or forgive previous that.
5. _
	* stability  [stəˈbɪləti]  (n.)  穩定、穩定性；安定
		- It's not rocking up and down and staying quiet to come to a country in the middle of a war.
		- Keep preserve stability meaning that there wasn't a lot of war or lengthy periods of poverty in the country
6. _
	* independence  [ɪndɪˋpɛndəns]  (n.)  獨立鎮
		- Independent means that does things by itself.
7. _
	* revolt  [rɪˋvolt]  (n.)  反叛；起義；造反
		- Revolt is where the people fight against the country.
	* rebel  [ˋrɛb!]  (n.)  造反者；反抗者；反叛者
		- The people of Egypt didn't fight against the Egyptian government during the time that she was in charge.
8. _
	* reign  [ren]  (n.)  統治；支配
		- A reign that can be a noun or verb and it means that a king or queen can have reigned. Her reigns a time when she was in charge so basically reign is the time that she was ruling Egypt.
