1-1. inevitable  [ɪnˋɛvətəb!]  (adj.)  必然的
→ It can't be prevented.
e.g. It's inevitable that you make mistakes at a new job.

1-2. avoidable  [əˋvɔɪdəb!]  (adj.)  能避免的
e.g. This mistake was avoidable.

1-3. unavoidable  [͵ʌnəˋvɔɪdəb!]  (adj.)  不可避免的 (SYN) avoidable
→the negative form of avoidable.
e.g. The delay was unavoidable.
....................

2-1. familiarity  [fə͵mɪlɪˋærətɪ]  (n.)  熟悉；通曉
→It is the knowledge of something or it's having heard of something
e.g. A job posting: Familiarity with the fashion industry is a plus.

2-2. familiar  [əˈvɔɪdəbəl]  (adj.)  熟悉的
a familiar face
e.g. It was nice to see a familiar face in the crowd.
familiar smell
e.g. Are you familiar with this artist?

2-3. familial  [fəˈmɪl.i.əl]  (adj.)  家族的
→Having to do with family
e.g. He has familial ties to the town.
....................

3-1. anxiety  [æŋˋzaɪətɪ]  (n.)  焦慮(a mental disorder)
→ the feeling of worry or nervousness about something
e.g. I have a depression
= I have an anxiety
= I have a disorder
e.g. Performing in front of people gives me anxiety.
= Performing in front of people makes me extremely nervous.

3-2. anxious  [ˋæŋkʃəs]  (adj.)  焦慮的
→ very worried about something
e.g. When Eddie comes home too late, It makes his mom anxious.

3-3. nervous  [ˋnɝvəs]  (adj.)  神經質的；緊張不安的 (SYN) anxious
→ You feel worried or you feel unsure about something. You don't feel calm. Maybe you're thinking a lot.
e.g. I always feel nervous before tests.

3-4. worried  [ˋwɝɪd]  (adj.)  擔心的(SYN) anxious, nervous
→ You're concerned that something will happen or something is wrong.
e.g. I'm worried; it might rain tomorrow.
e.g. I'm worried about Mark.
= I'm concerned about Mark.
....................

4-1. at hand  (phr.)  手上的
→ It is currently receiving attention or it needs attention.
e.g. Let's deal with the problem at hand.

4-2. on hand  (phr.)  手頭上的
→ readily available or convenient
e.g. I have band-aids on hand at all times.

4-3. by hand  (phr.)  手工的
If something is done by hand.
→ It's done by a person rather than a machine.
e.g. I sew this pillow by hand.
