嗯，最近比較忙，好像還沒看Catherine最新的影片....

傳送門
Catherine
C's English Corner: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCDHFwAm3jNzA1jyL8_Fb25w
April 30th: https://tw.voicetube.com/everyday/20180430
May 14th: https://tw.voicetube.com/everyday/20180514
Last: https://tw.voicetube.com/everyday/20180528

* Don't let language steps in your way of seeing the world.

讓韓國歐爸親自為你解答大家在谷哥上最常搜尋的問題！(Korean Men Answer Commonly Googled Questions About Themselves)
In Korea, I notice a lot of guys actually do wear make up on a daily basis. Looking pretty is kind of like a trend.
Cosmetics for men are so developed in Korea now.
但在韓國，很多男生每天都會上妝。打扮美美的也算是一種趨勢。現在也有很多化妝品是為男性朋友設計。

* trend (tr + end => trend)
* develop, developed

連音
* a lot of guys
* on a daily basis
* kind of like a

1. on a daily basis  每天
on a daily basis  (adv.)  每天
-> We should eat breakfast on a daily basis.
-> The system automatically updates the data on the daily basis. => The system automatically updates the data every day.
on a weekly basis  (adv.)  每個禮拜
-> We should eat breakfast on a weekly.
-> All the board members held a meeting on a weekly basis or on a monthly basis meaning that they sit down for a meeting every week or every month.

2. trend  走向；趨勢
* This word "trend" is a general direction in which a situation is changing or developing. It can also be the latest style of popular culture including clothing, music, common speech, the latest TV shows and so on like jeans with holes were definitely right now.
trend  [trɛnd]  (n.)  走向；趨勢
-> Social media is a growing trend nowadays and businesses can no longer afford to ignore Social customer service.
trendy  [ˋtrɛndɪ]  (adj.)  時髦的；流行的
* Is related to trend.
-> Who does married to Prince Harry is a trending dresser she wears trendy clothes

3. cosmetics  化妝品；保養品
cosmetics  [kɑzˋmɛtɪks]  (n.)  化妝品；保養品
put on makeup  (v.)  化妝
* Cosmetics refer products only, you don't say "I want to put on some cosmetics".
=> I want to put on make up or I want to wear make up.
-> I want to buy some cosmetics in Korea.

4. develop  發展
* Become bigger more advanced or stronger.
develop  [dɪˋvɛləp]  (v.)  發展
-> She developed the company from nothing . =>
She probably started the company when the scope was still small and then she made it bigger and better now.
developed  [dɪˋvɛləpt]  (adj.)  發達的
-> England is a highly developed country. =>
England has been developing sell for a long time to make a stronger and more advanced.